W-13729475 setup desktop duke (#78)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/work-on-home-directory.adoc

When working with your web IDE, Anypoint Code Builder stores all your projects in your home directory by default.

== Create Project Folders in the Web IDE

To create different folders to store your projects within your home directory:

> . Open the command palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type _File: Open Folder..._.

Author: ```suggestion
. Open the command palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type or paste the following command:
+
[source, command]
----
File: Open Folder...
----
```

When working with your web IDE, Anypoint Code Builder stores all your projects in your home directory by default.

== Create Project Folders in the Web IDE

To create different folders to store your projects within your home directory:

> . Open the Command Palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type or paste the following command:

Reviewer: k

+
image::close-working-directory.png[]

== Create a Project Folder in the Desktop IDE

To create a local folder for your projects from the Desktop IDE:

> . Open the command palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type the following command to open a local file menu:

Author: ```suggestion
. Open the command palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type the following command to open a local directory on your computer:
```

+
[source,command]
----

>  _File: Open Folder..._.

Author: ```suggestion
 File: Open Folder...
```

----
+
image::file-open-folder-command.png[]

> . Use your local file menu to create a new folder. 

Author: ```suggestion
. Use your local directory to create a new folder. 
```

== Create a Project Folder from the Desktop or Web IDE

Use the terminal in the IDE to create folders.

. Ensure that you don't have any projects open.

> . Open the Terminal window, typing `ctrl` first and then a backtick ```.

Author: ```suggestion
. Open the Terminal window, typing `ctrl` first and then a backtick (```).
```

. Type the following command:
+
[source]
--
mkdir <name-of-your-folder>
--
+

> Replace `<name-of-your-folder>` a name of your choice.

Author: ```suggestion
Replace `<name-of-your-folder>` with a name of your choice for the directory.
```

> Replace `<name-of-your-folder>` with whatever name you want to give to this directory.

Author: ```suggestion
Replace `<name-of-your-folder>` a name of your choice.
```

+
image::close-working-directory.png[]

== Create a Project Folder in the Desktop IDE

To create a local folder for your projects from the Desktop IDE:

> . Open the Command Palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type the following command to open a local directory on your computer:

Reviewer: stopping now :>

+
[source,command]
----
 File: Open Folder...
----
+
image::file-open-folder-command.png[]
. Use your local directory to create a new folder. 

== Create a Project Folder from the Desktop or Web IDE

Use the terminal in the IDE to create folders.

. Ensure that you don't have any projects open.
. Open the Terminal window, typing `ctrl` first and then a backtick (```).

> . Type the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. Type or paste the following command:
```

> . Type or paste the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. Type or paste the following command:
```
```suggestion
. Provide the following command:
```
